Name

Email

Portfolio / Website URL

Hometown

Zodiac Sign 

Superpower

One phrase describing yourself

Three-to-five keywords describing your MFA piece

Brief description of MFA piece (paragraph form)



1. Adam Horrigan

ahorri@artic.edu

http://www.krop.com/adamhorrigan/#/

Buffalo, New York

Leo

Become a mind reader

Madam, I’m Adam

THIS MANS WORTH

The work that I will be presenting in the MFA show is a mixed media performance. I have produced 17 paint rollers that have individual letters (or word breaks) cut into their surfaces. I use these rollers to apply a coat of woodblock ink directly to the gallery wall. Each roller is placed within a track that guides the inked roller up the wall. Each roller is used only once. When completed the text will read: THIS MANS WORTH. 


2. Ashley Nicole Town

apotte1@artic.edu

http://www.theoneantonly.com/

Milwaukee, Wisconsin

Aries

Mind Reading

collector • creator • thinker • gigglerr

This body of work explores the documentation of the legacy we leave behind as members of contemporary culture. Participants in the exchange and creation of daily artifacts - both tangible and intangible. Each collage serves to document every tangible material acquired and disposed of on a daily basis. A material is composed as one band of strata in a stratigraphy chart - its size dependent on the amount of time spent with that material. The accompanying book is a work of creative non-fiction that examines the digging, discovery and organization of intangible artifacts - truth and lie, memory and imagination. Together, the works are a representation of what it means to be alive. 


3. Chen Chen

cchen13@saic.edu

http://cargocollective.com/cchennehcc

Shanghai, China 

Dragon

never stop talking

never stop thinking

Holy, Meditation, Hypnosis


The idea underlying MFA project was inspired by people’s shopping behavior and religious worship activities of my friends. As a non-believer, I felt there are lots of similarities between consumption and religion. I considered people addicted to shopping cause on some level it has similar function with religion, they both teach people how to live and behave. The main goal I want to achieve here is create a spiritual environment / experience that’ll enable people attracted to enter another “world”. More specifically, my moving images are going to make people mesmerize / hypnotize in varying degrees. Speaking of images I made, intensional pattern generated from the luxury corporate logotype / imagery (banal / cliche) to elaboration / abstraction / transformation, I attempt to create jewelry-like, mandala feeling compositions which bring more precious and mediative quality to this scenario, and people might also see them as a sardonic view of consumerism widespread over the world, and also as a comment on the need for fetishes.



4. Frederick Eschrich

feschr@artic.edu

eschrichdesign.com

Phoenix, Arizona

Aries

Mothman

"You need a lobotomy. I'll get a saw." —Bill Watterson

Moths, analogy, narrative, light, death

My book is an expressive and analytical document. Lepidoptery and the experience of death are grafted together, creating a narrative which oscillates between subjectivity and objectivity.


5. Kristen Youngman

kyoung5@artic.edu

whatkristenisdoing.com

Highland Park

Saggitarius

Teleport

I believe in daily doses of jumping on the bed

Augmented Reality, Birch Trees, Space Between 

The space between memories, dreams, life and death. Written on birch bark, the ladder between heaven and earth.


6. Magdalena Wistuba

magdalenawistuba.com

mwistu@artic.edu

Santiago, Chile

Libra

Fly! Duh.

I'm twenty-six years old and I've had 28 different front doors.

big, bright, fluorescent, neologisms, pricing labels

A temporary mural that uses pricing labels to create a visual field that employs what is typically a commercial surface to display my own lexicon of neologisms.



7. McKenzie Thompson

mthomp4@artic.edu

mckenziethompson.com

Highlands, NC

Leo

Teleportation

I'm thinking about it.

hide and seek and find



8. Meghan Morris

mmorri10@artic.edu

http://www.meghanmorris.com

Athens, Georgia

Gemini

Time Travel

"bright, rich, personal, slow and under construction.”

Web-based experimental hypertext narratives


9. Ningchao Lai

nlai1@artic.edu

www.behance.net/ningchao

Dalian, China

Virgo

Control time and space

Positive

Chinese, Western,Transplantation, Absurdity, Fake.

In the age of information explosion, the transplantation of cultures into one another is continuously occurring, and cultures that were once seemingly different have gradually become similar; the gaps that once existed are now narrowing. This is not only a new age but also a weird age.

My work combines Chinese and Western cultures, playing with Chinese cultural signifiers and perception. An assumption of culture is first induced and then broken. With the use of fake paper and ink, and calligraphic characters that are in fact pictogram representations of Western concepts, I attempt to reveal the truth with humor and absurdity.

Thusly questions are opened up: Is seeing believing? What is modern culture? In contemplating these questions, the viewer is led to rethink issues of globalization, materialism and industrialization. 


10. Shu He

she2@artic.edu

http://www.shuhe22.com/

China

Libra

can't tell ya or I will lose it

whatever

This piece is a poem from my daydream.


11. Sakhee Rajiv Mody 

smody@saic.edu

12. Taek Hyun Kim 

tkim17@saic.edu

13. Wonjae Lee 

wlee12@saic.edu

I am a Seoul-based graphic designer. After completing B.F.A. in Visual Communication Design at Dankook University in South Korea in 2008, I enrolled in the M.F.A. program in Visual Communication Design at School of the art institute of Chicago and is scheduled to graduate in May, 2014. As a graduate student, my research interests have mainly focus on Active frames as a new grid system. 

My work has function as a graphic system, a means to generate narrative based on viewers’ experience in direct response to the behavior of people or environment in which we exist. Adopting the common visual language of comic book, I created open-frameworks that assist to generate creative impulse in the mind of the audience. People sometimes be part of comic book. I want them to make stories for themselves.


14. Yi  Qu

yqu@artic.edu

yichyu.com

Fushun, China

Rabbit

can be invisible whenever I want lol

Keep calm and go shopping…

Authorship, origin, destination…

Temporality changes when the author is removed. If we think about the author, there is a before and after the book. If we think about text only, it becomes an eternal entity, it is always here and now.

The text is never original, to any viewers anywhere. Since it is a tissue of quotations and imitations taken from the language and the culture that the writer and the reader share. The reader is who provides the text with meaning and unity.

The reader is the space on which all the quotations that make up a writing are inscribed without any of them being lost, a text’s unity lies not in its origin but in its destination.

I didn’t know that I know this thesis until I read the Death of Author. The controversy of his theory never end. For me, I resonate with his thought, especially when I read a book then watch the author’s lectures, interviews or even documentary, and I believe it not only happen in literature, but in more ways than not, it can and do parallel art in everyday life in so many ways.



15. Yoonshin Kim

ykim69@artic.edu

https://www.behance.net/moistyboy

Korea

The bull

Invisible man

Hi, I'm Yoon.

Trophy, Success, Fiction.

My thesis (Trophy:the fleeting moment of victory) explores the meaning of true success in meritocracy. Society keeps providing certain people the opportunity to get rewards. This system creates winners and losers. It leads winners to get emotional and material “acknowledgement”.

“Who gives the award?” “What does the award look like?” “What is the true success?”
I chose the trophy as an object to represent success and victory. A trophy is a tangible object that encourages winning and separates winners from losers. This is a fleeting moment. The trophy gradually becomes a symbol of emptiness. The trophies are divided into eight different categories: Social status, Money, Masculinity, Celebrity, Independence(freedom), Virtue, Security and Novelty.
The categories represent our desire for success. These come from human nature and societal expectations.
Many tiny trophies that people have acquired never fill in the big empty box. They are just supporting the box. They are fictional, empty and endless.



16. Zhenqi Ong

zong@artic.edu

http://cargocollective.com/zqo

Singapore

Scorpio

I am a procrastinator--leader of tomorrow. I wish I have better memory.



Perception
Naming/Labeling
Objectification
Knowledge
Certainty